dSidewalk Dillman Cortyard<br>A small courtyard to the east of Dillman, and west of the M&M building. It has a sidewalk leading to both of the buildings and to the south is the main sidewalk running through campus.
dillEntrance Dillman Entrance<br>You enter a large square room with windowed walls letting in the pitiful amounts of Houghton sunlight. To the north and west are doors and to the east is the exit.
dill101 Dillman 101<br>You enter into a large lecture hall with computers set up at each of the tables. You swear you can still hear the snores of the poor souls who took ENG 1101 with DR. Gretchen Hein in this room. There is a door to the east that you came through.
hall10 Dillman Hall<br>You enter into an L - shaped hallway running through the center of Dillman. To the west and south are exits.
hall11 The Dow<br>You enter a large sun filled room that connects the EERC to the west to Dillman towards the east. There is an exit leading to the south and a door going north.
dow641 Dow 641<br>You enter a lecture hall. You can tell a group of cheeseless have moved through here already, leaving a wake a destruction behind them. The only exit is to your south.
dowCourtyard Dow Courtyard<br>You come into an open courtyard. Snow is falling and an idiot is screaming something about how winter is coming, no shit, it's always winter here. The main sidewalk is to your south, and there are doors to your west and north.
eercLobby EERC Lobby<br>You enter a lobby with brick walls in the EERC. You notice that the vending machines were smashed open and all the cheese-its were stolen. To the north, east, and west are doors, and to the south is a hallway.
eerc103 EERC 103<br>You enter yet another lecture hall, something about sinusoidal equations is written on the blackboard, next to "THE CHEESE" and "WHY GOD? WHY!!" written in blood. The only exit is to the south.
hall12 EERC Hall<br>You are in a narrow hallway running north and south through the EERC. To the north is the lobby and to the south is the main entrance.
eercEntrance EERC Entrance<br>You enter a room at the south of the EERC. To the south is the main exit, to the east is a door, and to the north is a hallway.
mcnairHill McNair Hill<br>You are standing on a steep slope clinging on to the rail as your only source of support. Students and cheeseless alike slip and fall down the icy sidewalk past you. To the north at the bottom is the road, to the east at the top is the McNair Courtyard, and to the west is the entrance to East Wads.
eCourtyard McNair East Courtyard<br>You stand in the main area of the courtyard surrounded by McNair. You see where LARPers used to fight, before they had to use their fighting skills to fend off the cheeseless... and discovered foam swords weren't very effective. To the east is the rest of the rest of the courtyard, to the north is a door, and to the west is the infamous McNair Hill.
wCourtyard McNair West Courtyard<br>You stand at the west edge of the McNair courtyard. In the distance you see a cheeseless, fortunately it doesn't notice you. You can tell it used to be a girl, and you can faintly hear it singing "Drop in the Ocean" and something about a grilled cheese with a Michigain accent, strange. To the west is the west end of the courtyard, to the north is a door, and to the south are the East McNair Dorms.
mcnairLounge McNair Lounge<br>You are standing in a large lounge. There are big comfortable chairs, a large fireplace, and large glass windows surround it, overlooking the Portage. To the east is a hallway and to the south is the exit.
hall8 McNair Hallway<br>You are standing in a hallway running through McNair. To the east is the dining hall and to the west is the lounge.
diningHall3 McNair Dining Hall<br>You arrive at an empty dining hall. You remember coming here with your friends here when you had no other choice because it was after 6. Some food is still lying out, and you notice the sandwich station is destroyed, the cheeseless must have found the sliced cheese. To the south is an exit and to the west is a hallway.
mcnairDorms East McNair Dorms<br>You enter the doors to the dorms and instantly regret that decision. Dozens of McNairians lie dead on the floor, the riot proof halls slowed down the evacuation and the poor bastards didn't stand a chance against the cheeseless. The piles of bodies block the hall and the only way clear is the door you just walked through to the north.
parking2 Hamar House Parking Lot<br>You are standing in a parking lot. To the north is the Hamar House, to the south is the road, to the east is a door to Fisher, and to the east is the broomball courts.
hamar The Hamar House<br>You enter what is left of the Hamar House. Inside is torn to pieces and nothing is salvagable, except for the condoms, don't worry, there are plenty of those. The only door is to the south.
hall9 The M&M<br>You wander through the main hallway of the M&M. Everything is so similar, for a moment you can almost remember the carefree days before all this, before the cheeseless. To the east is the path to the DHH West Entrance, to the south is a door, and to the west is an exit.
u115 U115<br>You walk into an empty room. Just yesterday you slept through global issues in here, some of your friends went to church in here on Sundays, that will never happen again. The only way out is north.
library The Library<br>You walk into the library. Hundreds of computers lay scattered around the room, bookshelves lie on their sides. Cheeseless could be hiding anywhere throughout the wreckage, best to leave quickly. There are exits to the north and east and a room to the south.
studyRoom The Study Room<br>You enter a large room with tables and chairs scattered around. You remember cramming many a night for exams in this room. There are countless dead, people that were studying with their headphones in and never heard the panic and were caught by suprise. There is an exit to the south and the main area of the Library to the north.
gardenPath The Library Garden Path<br>You are standing next to what is well done landscaping(if only visible about three months a year when it isn't buried by snow). There is a sidewalk running north and south between the Library and Rekhi. To the north is the main sidewalk, to the south is the road, to the east is an entrance to Rekhi, and to the west is an entrance to the Library.
rozaEntrance The Roza Lobby<br>You are standing in a very large room, the ceiling is high with a tall glass wall on the east side letting in sunlight. It is vacant but you can tell the cheeseless were here not that long ago. You get a feeling that you should go. To the west is a door, and to the north, east, and south are exits.
auditorium Roza Auditorium<br>You stand at the back of the large auditorium. A large stage is at the front and countless rows of chairs line the center. The only exit is behind you to the east.
mubEntrance MUB Entrance<br>You stand at the main entrance to the MUB. There are staircases leading up and down. To your west is a hallway, to your north is the exit, and to your south is the bookstore.
bookstore MTU Bookstore<br>You stand in the center of a large room of over priced textbooks and Tech apparel. You notice that the wooden Tech baseball bats are marked up to triple their normal price, they must have upped the price when the cheeseless horde moved in, what a noble and fitting last move for the bookstore. The only exit is to the north.
hall1 MUB 1st Floor<br>You are standing in the center of the MUB. To the north is a door and to the east is the main entrance and staircases.
studentOrgs Student Organization Room<br>You walk into what used to be the room used by some of the student organizations. But because you were always such a lazy piece of shit your never participated in any of those groups. The only exit is to the south.
foodCourtSeating Food Court Dining Area<br>You walk through the tables and chairs of the dining area in the MUB. You remember playing pool at that pool table and eating pizza at that table, but not any more. There are stairs leading both up and down and the food court is to the south.
foodCourt Food Court<br>You walk through the food court, remembering many a dining dollar wasted here. All of the small kitchens are torn apart for any cheese they may have had. The only exit is to the north.
hall2 MUB Basement<br>You enter a small narrow hallway with no windows. You can't see much as seeing the lights aren't on, but there is a glow coming from the west. You also notice there is a staircase leading up.
bowlingAlley Bowling Alley<br>You walk into a small shitty bowling alley. The pins are still set up and bowling ball is sitting in the ball return. The only exit is to the east.
lobby1 MUB 2nd Floor<br>You are standing at the top of the stairs in a lobby in the 2nd floor of the MUB. To your west is a door.
ballroom MUB Ballroom<br>You enter the ballroom in the MUB. You can tell that at one point not to long ago some other Tech students had baericaded themselves in here. But you can see that the cheeseless broke through and by the looks of things not many of the students made it out. You will never be able to look at the room the same way again. There is a door to the east.
wWads West Wads<br>You walk down a long hallway with rooms lining either side. It looks like not many people have been down here, as seeing nobody actually lived in these rooms. There are exits to the north and west and a staircase going down.
dinningHall2 Wads Dining Hall<br>You enter a very large room with tables and chairs everywhere. There are the empty buffet lines that they used to serve food out of. There is an exit to the east.
frontDesk2 Wads Front Desk<br>You enter a large room. It has high ceilings and tiled floors. There is the front desk lined along the east wall. You can hear the cheeseless's cries not far away. There is a staircase going down and doors to the north and west.
wadsEntrance Wads Main Entrance<br>You are standing in the main entrance of Wads. There is a staircase that goes to the south and an exit to the north.
eWads East Wads<br>You are wandering through the halls of East Wads. There are countless rooms and narrow hallways. The whole area screams conformity and prison, it still amazes you that people thought that Wads was a better dorm than DHH. In this maze of rooms you are at risk of a surprise attack by rouge cheeseless. There are exits to the east, north, and west.
wmtu WMTU Radio Station<br>You are standing in a small room. There are expensive looking electronics everywhere. The radio is playing an emergency broadcast from the government that sounds important. The only exit is to the south.
wmtuLounge WMTU Lounge<br>You are standing next to several couches in an L formation. The radio is playing over the speakers. There is a staircase leading up and an doors to the north east.
hall5 Wads Basement<br>You are walking down a hallway in the Wads Basement. There is a staircase going up and doors to the north and west.
cafe The Cafe<br>You enter the formally most important room of Wads, the Cafe. It is still largely intact, one thing the cheeseless seemed to respect. Maybe they somehow remembered all the happy times eating over priced cheese curds through their cheese deprived craze, maybe just a hint of their humanity remained. There is an exit to the south.
hall6 Fisher<br>You are in a long hallway running east and west in the western half of Fisher. There are rooms along both sides, there is one unlocked door on each side.
f125 Fisher 125<br>You are standing in a small normal classroom. Nothing seems out of place except for writing on the board written in what appears to be blood. There is an exit to the north.
f101 Fisher 101<br>You remember having class in this room, and walking by late at night and wondering why the hell people would play DDR in here. There is an exit to the south.
eFisherEntrance Fisher Main Entrance<br>This room is more of a long wide hallway running north and south with exits at either end. There is the remains of the Aftermath Cafe and a few windows. There is a hallway to the west and a door to the east.
f135 Fisher 135<br>You enter Tech's largest lecture hall. You have have skipped so many classes that took place here, in this very room. Normally it is full and it is a little unsettling to see it completely barren. You see a side exit to the east and a door to the west.
rekhiEntrance Rekhi Hall<br>You are standing the main area of Rekhi. To your north is the iconic circular room and to you south is a hallway. There are doors to the east and west.
r101 R101<br>You enter into the circular room in Rekhi. You look up and see that the ceiling is very high. You realize that if you were attacked right now you would be cornered and you get the idea to leave out the way you came from the south.
hall7 Rekhi<br>You are in a small hallway running south through Rekhi. The only door is to the east and you can also go to the north.
r112 Linux Lab<br>You enter into the stronghold of the CS department here at Tech, the Linux Lab. Normally Tech's finest are here all hours of the day, programming and frantically working before a deadline. You notice their smell still lingers as well as the door to the east.
dhhWEntrance DHH West Entrance<br>You are standing at one of the main exits of DHH. There is a staircase that leads up to everyones favorite hall, a door to the east, and the exit to the west.
diningHall1 DHH Dining Hall<br>You enter into the usually crowded yet now barren dining hall of DHH. There is a large stone fireplace, tables and chairs everywhere, and doors leading to the east and west.
dhhEntrance DHH Main Entrance<br>You are standing in the familiar front entrance of DHH. There are staircases leading both up and down, doors to the south and west, and the front desk to the east.
frontDesk1 DHH Front Desk<br>You stand at the front desk. You see the small gold colored mailboxes lined along the wall, you instinctively check inside yours before you realize how pointless that action is. To the south is a door and to the east and west are rooms.
centerLounge DHH Center Lounge<br>You walk into one of the most classy rooms at Tech, the DHH Center Lounge. It has big comfortable couches and chairs set up around a fireplace(that hasn't been lit in years). Wood trim runs around the room and a picture of Douglass Houghton hangs on the wall. There is a door to the north.
thermo1 Thermopylae Ground Floor<br>You walk through the empty hallway of Thermopylae. It used to be a loud cheerful hall but now it is just silent. These were the douches that thought that just because they had high ceilings that it somehow meant that they were better than everyone else, yet clearly you are still here and they aren't so they can suck it! The hall ends both east and west.
tkd TKD<br>You enter what used to be TKD. It was an all guys hall, and several very detailed pictures on the whiteboards outside the rooms. Maybe it was the local population's mating display, desperately trying to attract attention from the opposite sex in this poor all guy hall... Poor bastards. There is an exit to the east and another hall to the west.
southPark South Park<br>You gag on the strong stench coming out of the rooms of South Park. Anyone that didn't know better would think that cheeseless had left the dead natives in their rooms to rot and that is producing the smell, but unfortunately you have lived in close enough proximity to know that the smell was there long before the cheeseless attacked. Empty beer cans, and liquor bottles line the hallway along with a single rather large black dildo, what the fuck South Park, What the Fuck?? There are staircases going both up and down and another hall to the east.
misnomer Misnomer<br>Ah home, the best hall in existence. You can almost hear A-Aron saying, "you guys should probably should quiet down." Besides the good memories the hall is empty. There are staircases going up and down and halls to the east and west.
thermo2 Thermopylae 2nd Floor<br>The traditional habitat of the wild Mikey. You wonder if he ever turned into a cheeseless and went on a hunt for cheese or if he was just too fucking lazy and slept through it all. There are halls to the east and west and staircases going up and down.
midnight Midnight Express<br>You enter the all girl hall of Midnight Express. While it used to smell like fruit and perfume, it is now more blood. Just what Tech needed, even less girls. There is a hall to the west.
groundZero Ground Zero<br>You enter Ground Zero. Its low ceilings almost make you feel like you have to hunch over. Doors are ripped off there hinges were people tried to barricade themselves in against the cheeseless. There is a staircase going down and another hall to the east.
middleEarth Middle Earth<br>You move to the hall of Middle Earth, one of the nerdiest names for one of the few all girl halls, still strange to you. You walk by a random room, 337, and poke your head in to see the aftermath. Suddenly a makeshift spear made out of a bedpost jabs at you and misses your face by inches. A blonde girl jumps out and runs down the hallway, apparently somebody was just crazy enough to out crazy the cheeseless and survive. There are halls to the east and west and a staircase going down.
attic The Attic<br>You are standing in the abandoned hall of the Attic. You almost never went up here before the epidemic and have little comparison to know what it looked like before, though you guess that it probably had a little less human bodies scattered around the hallway before. To the west is a hall and there is a staircase going down.
kitchenette The Kitchenette<br>You enter the kitchenette. There is a kitchen set up in the corner, a fireplace in the center of the room, and couches set up on the south side. It has a room to the east and a staircase going up.
gameRoom1 The Game Room<br>You are in the DHH Game Room. Pool tables, ping pong, tvs, and a tabletop hockey game were all set up. To the north is the laundry room and to the east and west are doors.
laundry1 Laundry Room<br>You walk into the laundry room, the same shitty washers and dryers are set up as always. You can see dryers full of clothes sitting there, waiting for owners that were never coming back for them. The only doors are to the south.
hall3 DHH Basement<br>You walk to the bottom of the staircase in the DHH basement. There is a map of Michigan and Wiscansin on the wall. To the east and west are rooms.
dhhBallroom DHH Ballroom<br>You walk into the ballroom in the basement of DHH. You see were that same group of kids always hang out, there computers are still sitting there. As seeing it doesn't matter any more you go over and smash one of them against the wall, it felt refreshing. To the east and west are rooms.
hall4 Matinence Offices<br>You enter into the small hallway by the DHH matinence offices. There is a staircase leading up and a door going to the west.
road1 Road<br>You are standing in the middle of the road(as seeing as there are no cars, this really isn't that dangerous). To the east is more road.
road2 Road<br>More fucking road. It runs east and west and to the north is the library.
road3 Road<br>Road road road road road road and more road to the east and west. To the north is a path.
road4 Road<br>Road, road to the east, and road to the west. And Rekhi to the north.<br>Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—<br>I took the one less traveled by,<br>And that has made all the difference.
road5 Road<br>Road today, road tomorrow, and guess what, more fucking road! Roads to east and west, open grass to the south, and Fisher to the north.
road6 Road<br>Guess what?? It's a road!! Road east and west, Wads south, and parking lot north.
road7 Road<br>It's a bird! It's a plane! No, it's a road! Road to east and west, Wads to the south, and broomball courts to the north.
road8 Road<br>"BEEP BEEP!" cries a roadrunner as it runs by chased by a cyote. Roads to east and west, Wads to south, and sidewalk to north.
road9 Road<br>You trip in a pothole because it's Michigan and they are everywhere. To the east and west are roads, to the south is a hill, and to the north is a sidewalk.
road10 Road<br>And the road ends. To the west is a road and to the north is a sidewalk.
road11 Road<br>You are standing on a road east of DHH. To the south is Walker(but why would any sane person go in the humanities building?), to the east is more road, and to the west is DHH.
road12 Road<br>You are walking along a road north of the Roza Center. To the east and west are road, and to the north is a trail.
road13 Road<br>You are on the road north of the parking lot by the Roza Center. To the west is a road.
road14 Road<br>You are on the step slope leading up to the SDC. To the north is a road and to the east is some open grass.
sidewalk1 Main Sidewalk<br>You are at the edge of campus north of the MUB and South of the MEEM. To the east is more sidewalk.
sidewalk2 Main Sidewalk<br>You are walking down the main sidewalk through campus when you see a cheeseless not to far away and you duck behind a snowdrift for cover and pray it doesn't see you. To the north, east, and west are sidewalks and to the south is the library.
sidewalk3 Main Sidewalk<br>You are trraveling along the main sidewalk. To the north is the EERC, to the east and west are more sidewalk, and to the south is a sidewalk.
sidewalk4 Main Sidewalk<br>You arrive at the sidewalk south of the Dow Courtyard. To the east and west are more fucking sidewalks.
sidewalk5 Main Sidewalk<br>You are on the sidewalk. To the east and west are more sidewalk, to the north is a courtyard, and to the south is Fisher.
sidewalk6 Main Sidewalk<br>You walk down the sidewalk. To the west is more sidewalk, to the east is the Walker Lawn, and to the south a parking lot.
eercSidewalk Sidewalk<br>You are on a sidewalk between the Chem Sci Building and the EERC. To the east is the EERC and to the south is a sidewalk.
sidewalk7 Sidewalk<br>You are standing on a sidewalk east of the broomball courts. To the north is Walker(But you are an engineer so that building is pointless to you). To the east is more sidewalk and to the south is the road.
sidewalk8 Sidewalk<br>You are walking casually down a sidewalk south of the Roza, almost bored, waiting for something to happen. To the east and west are more sidewalk and to the south is the road.
sidewalk9 Sidewalk<br>You  are at the end of the sidewalk and see a parking lot to the north. To the south is the road and to the west is more sidewalk.
parking1 Parking Lot<br>You are standing in the middle of the parking lot on the edge of campus east of the Roza Center. To the north and south are roads.
pPoint Prince's Point<br>You stand at the bottom of a steep trail thorugh the woods on the beach at Prince's Point. Beer bottles litter the ground. To the north is the Portage and to the south is the road.
portage The Portage<br>You swim out into the ice cold waters of the portage. You quicky remember why nobody actualy swims down her 9 months a year. You can swim south back to Prince's Point.
broomball Broomball Courts<br>You come to the broomball courts. One cheeseless is stuck in one of the rinks and keeps falling on its butt as it tries to get up and continue its search for cheese. To the south is a road, to the north is the Walker Lawn, to the east is a sidewalk, and to the west is a parking lot.
walkerLawn Walker Lawn<br>You are staning in the center of Walker Lawn. An open area south of DHH and north of the broomball courts. Dozens of snow sculptures decorate the area. To the west a sidewalk and to the east is Walker(but we like to pretend that building just doesn't exist).
grass The "Grass"<br>This area is in the summer a nice open grass covered area many students like to enjoy... in the summer... not the winter when it is covered in 3ft of snow. To the east is Wads, and to the west and north are roads.
meemEntrance MEEM Entrance<br>You are standing in the front main area of the MEEM, they have displays of mechanical engineering projects set up. To the south is an exit and to the north is a door.
meemLobby MEEM Lobby<br>You stand in a large room in the eastern half of the MEEM. On the wall is a large flowchart of the required classes to graduate as a ME. To the south is a door and to the east is an elevator.
elevator Elevator<br>You are in a small elevator, the only buttons that work are for the ground floor and the roof. The exit is to the east.
roof The Roof of the MEEM<br>You stand on the top of the MEEM. You can see all of Houghton/Hanncock up here as a cold powerful wind threatens to send you off the edge. Standing directly across from you is the last person you expected, your roomate is Bran McMuffin!